{
  "image": "https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmUesnhyWZCyfbJ4C1QxbqS2XiruYtwsHGRTEKsf4SoKhH/nft.jpg",
  "tokenId": 4,
  "description": "〈FRANCIS BACON〉  (JP) 画家 フランシス・ベーコンからインスピレーションを受けて撮影された写真シリーズ。 愛する人のポートレイトを執着的に描いたベーコンの生涯や、その作品の色彩に応えるように、レ スリー・キーのパートナーであるジョシュアを主に被写体として撮影された写真作品。 まるでアトリエのようにスタジオに絵の具やイーゼルなどを持ち込み、作家自身が被写体や写真 作品そのものにペインティングで演出をするなど、作家にとって初の試みの作品となる。  (EN) A series of photographs inspired by the painter Francis Bacon. Responding to the life of Bacon and the colors of his works, in which Becon obsessively painted portraits of his loved ones, Leslie Kee created the works with his partner Joshua as the main subject. This is the artist's first attempt to create works in which he himself paints on the subject of photograph itself, bringing paints and easels into the studio as if he was the painter in an art studio.   Leslie Kee作品に関する規約  ■1. 著作権を譲渡しない       ・ 購入者は本NFTの所有権を取得しますが、著作権や商標権その他の知的財産権は譲渡されず、発行者（作品を創作した正当な権利保有者）が引き続き保有いたします。（著作権の譲渡についてはNFTのメタデータに記載しております。）  ■2. 商用利用       （商用利用禁止）       ・ 本NFTの一部または全ての画像や動画、音楽等を下記目的で利用又は提供することは、知的財産権の侵害に当たり、禁止されます。       　　１、家庭内での利用の範囲を越えて他人に提供すること       　　２、（グッズ等に用いることを含め）商用目的で利用すること       　　３、 本NFTに含まれる画像や動画、音楽等を改変や加工して利用すること       ・ 本NFTの購入・売買に関連し購入者又は、転得者、その他第三者が損害を被った場合、その損害発生の原因が如何なるものであっても、発行者は何らの法的責任も負わないものとします。  ■3. NFT本ファイルのダウンロードについて       （ダウンロード許可）       ・ 本NFTの本ファイルは、購入者に限り自身のローカル上のパソコンや、その他記憶デバイス等へダウンロードし保存することを許可します。   ■4. 制作者の作品紹介などの許諾       ・ 購入者は本NFTの所有権を取得しますが、著作権を保持する制作者はその制作活動において作品の展示やポートフォリオなどで作品を紹介することを許諾するものとします。  ■5. 実物の制作物の所有権       ・ 購入者は本NFTの所有権を取得しますが、実物の制作物がある場合に、当該実物の制作物の所有権は有さないものとします。  Terms and Conditions for Leslie Kee's work  ■1. No transfer of copyrights       While the purchaser will acquire ownership of the NFT, copyrights, trademark rights and other intellectual property rights will not be transferred to the purchaser, and will continue to be owned by the issuer(legitimate right holder who created the work). (Transfer of copyrights is described in the metadata of the NFT.)        ■2. Commercial use       (No commercial use)       The use or provision of a part or all of the images, videos, music, etc. of the NFT for the following purposes will constitute an infringement of intellectual property rights, and is prohibited:       1.provision to others beyond the scope of domestic use;       2.commercial use (including use in goods, etc.); and       3.use of images, videos, music, etc. included in the NFT upon modifying or processing such images, videos, music, etc. If the purchaser or a subsequent purchaser or any other third party suffers any damage in relation to the purchase or trading of the NFT, irrespective of the cause of such damage, the issuer will not bear any kind of legal responsibility.        ■3. Downloading of NFT File       (Downloadable)       The File of the NFT may be downloaded and stored by the purchaser only in his/her local PC or other storage device, etc.        ■4. License for creator to use NFT in introducing one’s own work       While the purchaser will acquire ownership of the NFT, the purchaser shall grant a license to the creator holding copyrights in the NFT so that such creator can introduce one’s work in his/her creative activities and in the exhibition and portfolio of one’s work.        ■5. Ownership of actual creative product       While the purchaser will acquire ownership of the NFT, when there is an actual creative product, the purchaser shall not have ownership of such actual creative product.",
  "nftContractAddress": "0xc51aff3847fe4e5f2930445d640054d0460ce722",
  "animationUrl": "",
  "chainId": "1",
  "name": "FRANCIS BACON#4",
  "minted": "✅"
}