{
  "image": "https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmYC9WoTyDT5ZXqHeAiPwmXdP9BTUxQc4Ps4s5tMe88nF4/nft.jpg",
  "tokenId": 1,
  "description": "Sho-ha-sannari*1Production Place:Dai Garan Kondo, Koyasan, JapanOn the day of the birth of Byakko, her mother placed a small Daishi statue in front of the Jodo‐shin sect family Buddhist altar.From the age of five, I was given a writing brush as a successor to the third generation of the calligrapher of my family. And because of my two elder brothers having impediment, my mother kept praying countless times visiting the 88 Shikoku Pilgrimage Sites.Listening to my mothers Heart Sutra as a lullaby, my journey to becoming Kukai began.Inside the Dai Garan Kondo at Koyasan, I begin to write with my writing brush, the “Sho-ha-sannari” in the “Henjo Hokki Shoryo shu.”*2Kukai has stated that “Sho-ha-sandearu.”The beauty in the letter itself does not matter.When the mind is pushed out to the outside world, the writing shall follow the seasonal order and the character shall shape the universe.Kukai is here beside Byakko. “Dogyo-ninin.”*3With the mind of the accomplished calligrapher Kukai, my journey to the world of ink starts.*1 A famous word stated by the famous accomplished calligrapher Kukai.*2 A book that is said to have been created by the apprentice of Kukai that consists of words, poems, inscriptions etc that were said or written by Kukai.*3 The mindset when visiting the 88 Shikoku Pilgrimage Sites, that the Kobo Daishi is by your side.----- 書者散也（しょはさんなり）  制作場所　日本　高野山・大伽藍金堂  母は、白光の生まれた日に小さな大師像を 仏壇の阿弥陀佛の前に置いた。 二人の兄が身体に障害を持ったがゆえに 書家三代目の跡継ぎとして五才の頃から 筆を持たされた私の為に、母は四国88ヶ所 霊場に幾度も足を運び、祈り続けた。 母の般若心経を子守唄にして私の空海への 旅は始まった。 高野山大伽藍金堂にて、 空海の詩、「書者散也」を揮毫す。 空海は次のように言っている。 「書は散である」。 字形が纏(まと)まれば、それで良いとはしない。 心を外界に遊ばせ書法を季節の秩序に取り 字形は万物の形に取るようにしなければ ならない。 　空海様は白光の傍らに寄り添って下さって おられる。「同行二人」。書聖空海様と共に 心と墨の世界を巡って行きます。",
  "nftContractAddress": "0xe686d6b4dd53ef345b200be0f50c8c50186a51cb",
  "animationUrl": "",
  "chainId": "4",
  "name": "Sho-ha-sannari",
  "attributes": [
    {
      "trait_type": "",
      "value": ""
    }
  ],
  "minted": "✅"
}